Welcome to Cinemazing Deals!

This is a coupon website using MySQL as a database. We use DAO classes to send queries to MySQL,
and we use Facade classes to access the DAO classes.
This will be a website that'll feature coupons and deals relating to cinema.
The companies we will work with deliver cinema related services, such as movie theaters, equipment stores,
rental stores, production services and streaming platforms.
Cinemazing Deals invites movie lovers to enjoy a plethora of deals exclusive to our website.

In order for the program to work, you'll need the following:
 1. Java JDK - 17.
 2. MySQL library from Maven: mysql:mysql-connector-java:8.0.29

The configurations of MySQL are as follows:
 URL = "jdbc:mysql://localhost:3306/";
 SQL_USER = "root";
 SQL_PASS = "12345678";

If your configured password is different, go to the "database" folder,
and in the "DBManager" class, on line 24, enter the desired password.
If your password is different than the one written on line 24, THE PROGRAM WILL CRASH!

To test the features of the website, enter the "Main" class and press the green play button.
This will trigger all the tests.
Every test has a title, and if the test is successful, you'll receive a message signaling the success.
Some tests are designed to fail, in order to test fail states.
If the test fails, you'll receive a message indicating failure.(These fail messages are in red, we hardcoded the color, we know it's not pretty, but we didn't have the time:))

One part of the program is a thread designed to delete expired coupons.
Currently, it is designed to trigger once every 24 hours.
In order to test it, go to the "job" folder, and in the "CouponExpirationJob" class, comment line 24, and uncomment line 25.
In one of the tests, we changed the expiration date of coupon ID-2 to before the current date.
After commenting line 24, and uncommenting line 25, you'll see that coupon ID-2 has been deleted.

That's it for the instructions.
Thank you, and enjoy Cinemazing Deals!

